ZKVM-1204: Update CONTRIBUTING with correct toolchain installation (#2954)
risc0/risc0: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### [RISC Zero toolchain](https://dev.risczero.com/api/zkvm/quickstart#1-install-the-risc-zero-toolchain)

Run `rzup install` to install the latest Rust and C++ toolchains.
```bash
cargo run --bin rzup install rust
cargo run --bin rzup install cpp
```

The versions of `r0vm` and `cargo-risczero` must match the source code. Compile and install these
from source when using a development branch.

```bash
cargo install --force --path risc0/cargo-risczero

> cargo install --force --path risc0/r0vm

Reviewer: `r0vm` is already included with `cargo-risczero`

Author: Ah, I see. updated

```

> Otherwise, if using a stable version branch, you can install these through the standard flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if using a stable version branch, you can install `cargo-risczero` through the standard flow:
```

```bash
curl -L https://risczero.com/install | bash
rzup install
```

> > NOTE: It is only important that you install `r0vm` and `cargo-risczero` with a matching version of the `zkvm` crate when interacting with the proof system as a separate, pre-built process ([`ExternalProver`](https://docs.rs/risc0-zkvm/latest/risc0_zkvm/struct.ExternalProver.html)), which is currently the default. If you are using the `prove` feature on the `risc0-zkvm` crate for the host, this will compile the proving system into the host binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: It is only important that you install `cargo-risczero` with a matching version of the `zkvm` crate when interacting with the proof system as a separate, pre-built process ([`ExternalProver`](https://docs.rs/risc0-zkvm/latest/risc0_zkvm/struct.ExternalProver.html)), which is currently the default. If you are using the `prove` feature on the `risc0-zkvm` crate for the host, this will compile the proving system into the host binary.
```
